RHDEVDOCS-5238: pipelines-as-code configuration and token scoping (#60197)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-monitoring-pipeline-run-status-using-pipelines-as-code.adoc

[discrete]
.Annotations for log error snippets

> In the `TektonConfig` custom resource, under `pipelinesAsCode` and `settings`, if you set the `error-detection-from-container-logs` parameter to `true`, {pac} detects the errors from the container logs and adds them as annotations on the pull request where the error occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set the `error-detection-from-container-logs` parameter to `true`, {pac} detects the errors from the container logs and adds them as annotations on the pull request where the error occurred. You can set this parameter in the `TektonConfig` custom resource (CR), in the `pipelinesAsCode` and `settings` sections.
```
splitting into two sentences for readability suggested

Author: I cannot take this suggestion as a hanging "parameter" does not seem acceptable to me, but this needs changing for the "spec" anyway.

[IMPORTANT]
====
This feature is in Technology Preview.

> ====

Reviewer: There is specific guidance for adding a notice about tech preview features: see https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#indicating-technology-preview-features

[discrete]
.Annotations for log error snippets

In the `TektonConfig` custom resource, in the `pipelinesAsCode.settings` spec, you can set the `error-detection-from-container-logs` parameter to `true`. In this case, {pac} detects the errors from the container logs and adds them as annotations on the pull request where the error occurred.

:FeatureName: Adding annotations for log error snippets
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

Currently, {pac} supports only the simple cases where the error looks like `makefile` or `grep` output of the following format:
[source,yaml]
----
<filename>:<line>:<column>: <error message>
----

> You can customize the regular expression used to detect the errors with the `error-detection-simple-regexp` parameter. The regular expression uses named groups to give flexibility on how to specify the matching. The groups needed to match are filename, line, and error. You can view the {pac} config map for the default regular expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the regular expression used to detect the errors with the `error-detection-simple-regexp` parameter. The regular expression uses named groups to give flexibility on how to specify the matching. The groups needed to match are `filename`, `line`, and `error`. You can view the {pac} config map for the default regular expression.
```

add backticks if the group names are literal values

[discrete]
.Failures

> If a namespace is matched to a `Repository` custom resource definition (CRD), {pac} emits its failure log messages in the Kubernetes events inside the namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a namespace is matched to a `Repository` custom resource (CR), {pac} emits its failure log messages in the Kubernetes events inside the namespace.
```

Author: This phrase is in fact from the existing doc - reviewing it right now is out of scope
